to-be-removed tests for Dario (#2070)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/mia-platform-v13.mdx

  </span>
);

**Test for Dario!!!**

**Welcome to Mia-Platform v13!**

> 

Reviewer: ## Main Changes
| NAME | In a nutshell |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| PLATFORGE | Enhance Extensibility |
| What is it? | Benefits |
| Extensibility toolkit | <ul><li>Extend SDLC</li><li>Standardize and streamline developer workflow by integrating frequently used tools into the console</li></ul> |

  </span>
);

**Test for Dario!!! - Just play around and try doing random stuff**
_Have fun_

**Welcome to Mia-Platform v13!**

> # Compose your Platform

Author: @darioesp92 did you try to edit the file?

Reviewer: Hi, I tried to leave comments and suggestions on lines 20 and 21 (table)

## Platforge: Enhance Extensibility

In today's fast-paced tech landscape, adaptability is key. That's why Mia-Platform v13 takes extensibility to the next level, making it easier than ever to integrate third-party tools and custom functionalities into your platform.
We welcome **Platforge**, our brand new Extensibility toolkit, to the Mia-Platform eco-system!
The main benefits for the user can be summarized by the following:

- Extend development lifecycle to be aligned with the needs of each team (Extend supported runtimes, dev workflows, application management, etc.).
- Users that already use some specific tools can standardize and simplify their developer workflow, integrating them into Mia-Platform Console.

> Let's go in deep with the new Features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's go deeper into the new Features:
```

### Extend Mia-Platform Console using... the Console! | <Highlight color="#1890FF">v13 - Fall Release</Highlight>

> We have strengthened our Platforge Extensibility Kit by adding the possibility to add extensions from Console UI and enriching the type of supported extensions. You can now extend your Console by embedding iFrames, adding External Links & composing your pages with Microfrontend Composer within a dedicated "Extensions" section, accessible to Company Owners within the Platforge section at Company level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have strengthened our Platforge Extensibility Kit by offering the possibility to add extensions from Console UI and enriching the type of supported extensions. You can now extend your Console by embedding iFrames, adding External Links & composing your pages with Microfrontend Composer within a dedicated "Extensions" section, accessible to Company Owners within the Platforge section at Company level.
```
_**Still testing**_ : suggestion

![Backstage](img/backstage-banner.jpg)

## Infrastructure Management

### Manage Infrastructure Resources through Console 

> You can now manage and configure custom objects that are not part of the standard Console supported resources using the classic user interface of the Console. This feature further expands the Console domain over user's entire workloads, enabling greater operability, governance, and control over systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now manage and configure custom objects that are not part of the standard Console supported resources by using the classic user interface of the Console. This feature further expands the Console domain over users' entire workloads, enabling greater operability, governance, and control over systems.
```

![Fast Data Control Plane](img/fd-control-plane.gif)

> Many are the benefits of adopting the Fast Data control plane in your Fast Data Projects, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting the Fast Data control plane in your Fast Data Projects empowers you with many benefits. Here are some:
```
_Testing suggestions_

### Blueprint and Template management via User Interface

> Managing Company's Blueprint with their respective Templates and settings is now a child's play: with a dedicated interface, Templates, Environments, and Workload & Runtime settings for all new Company Projects can be created, set up, and modified in just one click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing Company's Blueprint with their respective Templates and settings is now child's play: Templates, Environments, and Workload & Runtime settings for all new Company Projects can be created, set up, and modified in just one click by leveraging a dedicated interface.
```

## Conversational DevX Powered by AI

> This version of Mia-Platform Console is the first version powered by Artificial Intelligence! Let's welcome our new **Mia-Assistant**, that will support you in speeding up your onboarding and accelerating your developments when using Mia-Platform Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of Mia-Platform Console is the first version powered by Artificial Intelligence! Let's welcome to our new **Mia-Assistant**, that will support you in speeding up your onboarding and accelerating your developments when using Mia-Platform Console.
```

### AI RAG Chat application | <Highlight color="#1890FF">v13 - Fall Release</Highlight>

In this release, we have worked on an application to extend the use of AI assistance with the process of Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) in a simple way. You can then configure a RAG Application chat within your project to easily set up your own chatbot. This application is featuring automatic embeddings generation from website pages.  
For more information on how to configure your custom RAG Application, head to the [related tutorial](/marketplace/tutorials/create-a-rag-application.md).

### Let's welcome Mia-Assistant in Console!

With this release we introduce a first version of our **Mia-Assistant**, an AI-based virtual chat that will make it easier for you to discover our Mia-Platform Console and access its documentation!

> Mia-Assistant will answer your questions and provide you the related Mia-Platform documentation reference, to help you retrieve all the information you need and improve your experience with our product!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mia-Assistant will answer your questions and provide you with the related Mia-Platform documentation reference, to help you retrieve all the information you need and improve your experience with our product!
```
